[Music]
family are you still here family I
have to tell or well are we going to
react because I don't know exactly what he
said
but but but but but you have
told me I'm going to say I was having a good time you're
leaving and you have almost told me
that you
will meet peter peter is a youtube
good stetix if I'm not mistaken I waited for the
group's tics I think it's from the
everlasting sausage it's from the dog
of the team exactly literal from gres and d
[Music]
51 am peter and other chavas rubito
delgadillo
follow us on twitter a
video of mine reacted to yesterday's video from my
main channel to semita's let's see them they must have given me
green and peter peters I do
n't know you I have nothing against
you because people say I recognize it
I'm anp I try the time because they say
that [ __ ] you put it a lot in the
chat me
why do you always put that [ __ ] god
why do you always say that well let's see
let's see it I
think it
means
neymar
neymar mulet arts
well  you know although it's obviously not the
same going out with a good one
live by the way tomorrow I called from
YouTube thank you very much YouTube
thank you very much but well a little more
over here because I really want to see his
face
if I put it in full screen I have to I have to I
asked a kid I
asked him here okay he asked
a kid a scene to make this
prettier and so on and that guy doesn't write to me he
sent me a sketch and such super cool
for sure a very powerful one but
also for not taking away the strike on
strike in views a week thank you thank you
YouTube thank you for not returning
on the channel also or seven days and on top of that
the appeal to
do it has put another tweet that was
throwing more points says Javi let go of my
arm seriously that you appear in the
thumbnail does not mean that I'm talking about you
who do you think Beyoncé
well you can't see her I know but it is very
used in the thumbnail to be able to
get views to talk about a person
who is not YouTube or anything it's worth it but
let's literally in the video what it does is
imply that Eibar is
deceiving me so that I talk  bad of the ipp
but the serious thing is that you go to the beach
that you go directly laser for real
but if the psychic mentioned exists
totally
more than what I have mentioned to him
in many months he says every time I enter
your live you are talking about my watch
that I did not enter here the one that you are not
welcome
but he has rejected me this
thanks sons of [ __ ] [ __ ] that we
have
this guy look at the interview with diego
arrabal to peter everything in this guy 7
look how well they know where to look the sal
xeito not
even that he was a figure the literal loser
here you have to understand
the truth is you are beat for me because it has
passed for the demarcation because it has passed forward okay it is
here here we have a
video
my mother my mother
kids
the
boys
charge hard against
17 minutes of video ok
quite short not
the frame here or here better I think my
best not the goal followed by off page
so that the screen does not bother much
let's go of soles do
not jump in the intro but you
can not skip the intro peter
the only one worth it in my video  what's
wrong, bad battery this is a
totally improvised video I promise I
was on the computer about to
finish the sessions but
look at the face of the hook elche
who is watching my video there but he asks for
the face as we are in pain he looks at his
face is this passing he is enjoying the
tci channel half tuberos he is seeing what he
said half and half in the
icref's girlfriend of serious since the fart and has
and the truth is it has not improved
absolutely anything we have talked about
some of them because this
is what is
coming November December and that
you are going to eat good ham
in this video to comment to him I do not want
you to say anything to her or attack her
simply well then I am going to answer her
respectfully as I can because I think she is
wrong passing this next and
latest news which about gemita
and it is that
something serious really gemma very well
girlfriend of greece are you idiots or what the
[ __ ] is going on gems heyman or also
grave's girlfriend but there is no need to
emphasize that because it is quite bad
because she does not have an arm
if it is necessary to emphasize
emphasize as if saying literally yes let's
see it would be nonsense it
would be nonsense
virgin at the beginning  the novelty ferret
place so you go to any video from
a year and a month ago it was always the
novelty breaks the new
law now with time for support a lot of repercussion yes it is true that the same repercussion is cooking us more or at least the heard but yes it is true that so that people know who we are talking about you understand me they speak to each other in a way there is nothing wrong
repugnant and
disgusting because topic there is no need to
include it does not come if it is necessary [ __ ] how do
we need it if I tell you here gema I
had it is the classroom
language does not read and I had that pp
in her live spoke a little about
this the review this as a result of the
same and a phrase is mentioned that she
herself said with you know the on twitter for
all the conflict between the
right
Esteban Alvarado in prison coincides but
not all that conflict because it is linked
in this by the own half she asked
her chat precisely when people
consumed tea the content of Dallas and
this was the result
let's see what it looked like lists
with Dallas and stands the call from the gentleman you
know when we had giving our opinion
about  to all the fuss that happened with
ariguaní
[Music]
now we're also going to see a video of the
machine today also today they're not going to leave it
for you or a bag of it done something
live we'll see
Dallas' behavior regarding
two sails because let's see has been
watching the same topic that we
were all giving our opinions and the
girl sincerely we can
agree more or less say that the girl
had an opinion or didn't have an opinion but it didn't seem to me
that all of them were disrespectful so that
Darla would address her in that way
but from there to her posting a tweet
sir let go of your arm when Dallas is
tagging us, she's responding
to things that people are saying on her
twitter account, she hasn't made another
video or tagged the extra or
bothered her, not on her social networks, she's the one
who's going to look for the tweets
that Darlas posts to say sir good luck
arms
javi I don't know this guy, he doesn't seem like a
bad person either, I
don't think so I don't know either, I'm very
innocent saying this but well, to me,
[ __ ] let's see  although not the
ridiculous mentions little to define it, I
mean, you defend that with knows the
week responding to the tweet, host dude is getting
involved but please please
everyone
this happens to me for making the video, I mean
this video was totally spontaneous
I was going to bed this failed it's not
full I was going to bed
suddenly I got the thing about emitting steam we
quickly managed for each main
pin to
skate to me it
's very normal that we're going to sail I
respond to him and he's not responding to him
on top of it and
insulting him or anything he's telling them
the first arm and that's it no yes it's
true that what I'm referring to
is that she's going to look for him in a
tweet where she's not even being
tagged if what the interest is
tweeting is with someone who has written
something about her but it's good if it's good if it's 6
literal 666 literal is the most
because I was training her with insults
also ridiculous because
to be able to respond
and there's the grace in fact with the phrase
of the year ave the phrase of the gentleman was the
first arm is a phrase that a long
time ago I  I tell the same to the lordship
not when they are the fans of guasaule
see below coming out thanks to me in a
live of a famous youtuber for
example it
is not any novelty
in
many occasions a
large part of the people
are
unpopular opinions nested like youtube it
seems to me that it is good to me I do not believe that
you when it is consummated I no longer see
for example the stations I no longer see
sálvame de luxe I do not like the bathrooms it does
not give me a good vibe a good
feeling and I do not consume it but dallas
like I had when you do not do it you
make humor I do not dislike it and
surely if the truth but I have to
say it seriously I do not want to defend or
much less I simply say what I
like and what I have not
seen as you know there is always like a
kind of
fear of saying something positive about dallas
man even today
like I do not want to defend it in order to
be clear you love them
and if I were defending it in passing it
is like I do not dislike it does not seem bad to me it
has video white surely yes they will
see the content not because it is the
wonderful content unmissable but
because when there is  controversy everyone
sees it is what happened in the content
of sal seo to this day still in
Spain and this of speaking with me with several
crimes in live talks and in
many videos is that they hide it more than
if it were him for some youtube of
some streamer well that gives they would prefer
that they remove watching porn than to
send winds to the pse or it is like a
taboo subject that has but in reality
everyone sees it because because they are
beings with chocolate for some reason
for another everyone is
curious well well well yes but
not one thing is
everyone sees
the truth is not that it is something very to say
I have a good time watching how a person cheats on each other
and suffers the truth is they do not
speak very well of you although many people
consume it this is the same you can see
salsero in the shadows but it is crap I am very sorry
but it does not speak well it is not it is not
something ethical to see how people
put [ __ ] and stab and punch each other the
truth is I think that I think
man said if it were very ugly but the
truth is we have a great time here it is
that  the people who put themselves
are the people who want to put a
point and ball who goes to the island of
temptations knowing
if your girlfriend car boyfriend pointed in a way
if we
values ​​​​and
as a person he is a guy who has been on
YouTube for years today he deals with controversies it
takes salseros his catalog
well there he is there is
the guy southeast how disgusting he is
in all the directories
be it all over the [ __ ] face before they
mentioned it Peter they pass it the
criminal yes perfect
but before before Peter
mentioned it I was already sending him a
wish that I am here but it is that it is
also the other day that we did not get
to that part of the extract I recognize it
wish the god as a person he is a good
guy it is one day I see him at an event as it is I
will talk a hug as a subject another
thing is that I do not like his content
but that is not bad, for example, there are
people who upload blogs there are people who are
and I do not like the content because I do not
consume it and it does not mean eating since I am not
going to respect it the truth I can
understand it because today on
YouTube it is very complicated
on the internet where  Javier said and
Beira is doing well on his channel, the winds have
been because they are rising in their
life
by
looking for it
for the same reason that I am not going to understand, it does
not cost them more or less consumption,
there is everything and the important thing is to
understand each situation, you know then,
but that does not take away that does not take away that it is
a content, you
are not giving flowers to children,
inciting them to the blood to
reveal personal or not [ __ ]
that happens, you know, in plan,
but Uncle Cerati is on all faces
smiling with his eyes closed, a
hug, churra, time to see
now, evidently the vast majority of
people get involved when there is a bard, let's see
what happens, then
if you do not know how to say, everyone shoots,
everyone, your channel would have ten
child writers and would have a
million views per video because everyone would be
interested, this video has 30 thousand
views, what have you said, I have
not said, everyone has said, the
vast majority of people, it depends on the
subject too,
but listen to me
[Music] a
little theme of passing my video but Agustín
Jaime Vera to put the whole family in,
week my workshop
is there,
allow me to mention it
as  we put it god
okay
[Music]
says they just sent me a video from a
man I've never seen in my life where he
uploaded a video saying that I
answered his first video guatafán
with this he's already told me everything I don't
need to know more
and he answers the gossip but yes there will
be a dance on different occasions they have
said that they like the salsa singer but you
are seeing at that moment
what a crap lost the legation has not told me
so that
the word leaves half yes to that the
good 78 follows them on twitter
we are deceiving me he
told me
everyone your channel would have 10 child
writers and would have a million visits for life
because everyone would be
interested this video has 30,000
visits that I have because half because they have
told me and fun he said
relate and it is that it is that they are things of
context I feel like it allows he has not done
anything he told me all that yesterday better then he
pointed out salsa for this say it like this
tomorrow direct flight better to talk that you will
see it will never come out that half and of
scope that is for sale to defend him one
pot well it's
going to be my title literally that's
going to be my title I promise you they'll
know no because in reality
our summarized the hazelnuts of the title
is semita asks for breadth to talk about
my video
je half asks for breadth that reacts
my video I
promise you
[Music] I
had no idea what to put
but I'm going to put that he is asking
Peter for help against Javier Oliver ida
the gentleman to do it in follow the sense of
truth I have
tried in other ways they already have
many things that at the end of the day
everyone wants to grow when they are on
youtube and so on but you already have too many
things derogatory file for
yourself
already the sense is that you the same criticize
someone is behind them sucks does not
support laser anyway I do not want to enter the
ship with you and a psychic again man
try to have some dignity do not
pay attention to him knew by name Sunday
but could you leave here no
literally could you leave here
the truth
but please is that live and
direct you will be able to record it and you will be able to
change you will be able to change the tortilla you will be able to
change it in the return what I am saying to
give him  the return and that's out of laziness but
come on Javi try try
let's be defensive like this is not the
first time that
if I have some kind of interaction great
Peter I have no problem
putting or anything but as you know if they
come to give me the turn to see
listen to me that I did not want or intend
collections stigmatized
super bad to see
the platform that
emits asks Peter to humiliate Javier
Leira
countries like the USA and many others the
salt content is content
just as accepted in the community as
any other and the main
salt channels comment on it on their channels
popular YouTube characters usually
want to try to participate or intervene
in the salsa programs of these
channels to give their version and to
defend themselves because you want to take advantage of that
loudspeaker since in their own channels they do not
deal with this type of control
this was heard yes but here it is set to the maximum to
turn it up a little more to whom it serves you do
not hear content or not in the subject
but you already know that we are always light years
behind the Americans I do not
know it is true that we are light years behind
the Americans but I cannot imagine the
moment  javi in ​​which in this
Spanish community let's say a sanse or
thanks javier leira shameful of
hey can I participate or I mean the truth is I
find it strange the only reason why
someone wanted to participate is because they
know that at the level of numbers it
can be better for them because it's true that simply not all are the numbers it's as simple as having to be used or with peter something is being said peter is unnecessary or for example look at dallas and eight and one of the two wanted to come up here to clarify something because in their
channels well in the case of dallas
no but in the case of eight for his channel he does
not deal with controversies and before
defending himself on his channel he prefers to come to
salcé's channel or wherever
the subject is being talked about to talk about it
even though you don't have numbers it usually
attracts more attention that is
true but it is the reason that I can
give you and from many other countries this like
when in 2016 people were criticized
when pt was opened or when in 2015 2014
youtubers were criticized for monetizing
their channels and today here
your channel is not monetized who opens a
movie channel to monetize it and
most of us live off donations and ntp
trium is from tweets subscriptions from
members of their hangers of whatever
then they but in a not
too distant future for people from saying this
kind of nonsense like thinking about
better content because I understand that
channels can't be stones against their
own roof but man, I mean you
live through other people's misfortunes dude more or
less older or less funny but you live I
say I'm not getting into you personally and from
outside joke in avoiding a good kid
who doesn't know and I like you but and I
understand that there is more than what I saw more
because at the end of the day it's good then he
will visit it well not comment to talk and
okay I understand everything but you can't
say that the content is not bad he
really said nothing to do like
if you are going to walk to my channels on
twitter
okay
for example of
course it is a concept that is a concept
that has a nuance to one apart from the fact that
I am capable of doing anything
else to you like I give my opinion on the game of
squid tomorrow upload your video about
the documentary in it and
apart from that
this for example is an interview with
a journalist from salcedo from the world of the
heart but a very well known journalist
in telecinco not a collaborator and
we are talking about a dirty trick that he is
doing with a person inside such that
well I would not understand it has much
context but antonio david flores well
suddenly his ex-partner has made a
documentary labeling the
abuser they have made a
public escrache not a media condemnation because they have
not won the judicial no
then if you come to my series of
videos
in this case not rocio carrasco against
passivity I am dismantling the entire
strategy both social and
television as
judicial even no and how
the media manipulates the headlines
to play with the opinion of the people who
understand me a lot of certain things
in depth
is that no the salsero is not
only about I am going to criticize I am going to scare this
girlfriend since she grows asks to
put that humiliates havia oliveira
I recognize it is true in truth really
is the title yes yes totally then the
subject  of the island of temptations and
reality shows of course they
lend themselves to that
of course and then what I'm telling you, I mean
here they're commenting on news that
are from the heart
but the salsa singer doesn't have to
always maybe this one sticks to the
lotus bonnet to fight with the other
opinions on topics you know I saw feito
between youtubers that don't have to be
personal topics suddenly you friends of
your friends Oscar thank you very much you didn't
comment on this in the
video this one that broadcasts this I put it in they
may have things he's
belittling the salsa singer as
content if literally with a little
more respect than half but if in the
end if it's not good if it's good what does it have to
do with it or I mean here for example
[Music]
what makes what comes to light serious
what a serious attempt to make the cuca mona to
all the youtubers so that they would continue
participating in a ring wine that will
be exclusive on their channels instead of
as always no
then here I expose a stick that is
dedicated to attacking and insulting tommy 11
by the way today we will also talk about
ice it's because I think  that he's back on the
attack with Tom Jones and you've
prepared for me there's something I don't know if it doesn't exist
in these types of channels look here
I put it in its place okay this video this
this video is edited but this video
on the secondary channel has a million
views because because we have
exposed it to Cello in such a way that it has
been disgusting what this one has done I don't
know if he's a friend of yours he saves no what he
did he didn't crash the car over there other people's
misfortunes
the car through Andorra what do you want me to
tell you in the end these are things this
humorous video about a kid who goes is
a criticism of me
a lot of television content albertito
what he dedicates himself to being albertito man
then yes surely he knows the case of
albertito well it's good that there are
criticism channels that expose this
type of things so that people don't fall
in fact no no it's not only the seo it's also
news it's a newspaper well they tell us
symptoms being that people believe that
the salsero is only what you did when you
were a
salsa youtuber it could be a salsa debate it
could be
[Music]
they can  be personal topics or not
personal topics a video between two youtubers
to a pique that they have two youtubers less
in tortilla I took it out a thousand things no thousand
things
bad bad bad it would be if it were an attacker
2000 agropartes with respect to nobody and
all that stuff it is not one hundred
percent controversial but oh well
I really do not care yes no
literally a gossip channel it could
be any of my channel it is
surely those gossip channels have
released a video talking about a serious topic
of seeing
my son but the one from Dallas more
humorous criticism viral things that happen on the
internet from time to time he also
makes addicted reviews reactions to
funny videos humorous comical things with
his sister or parodies of things that happen
on the internet even from time to time he
makes a serious video also there is one thing that
we have to recognize and that is that we can
be the [ __ ] editor I am
saying even at times that he is
much more serious that I wanted to put as an
example a serious video of Dallas that
continues the best the subject of rain is a
serious subject obviously but he puts one
like the one of the Amazon for example or
climate change or something like that
more or less  ok when he gives
criticism to someone on youtube a criticism on
youtube there is truth I know why he is with the
ones on the arm really I saw click on
twitter on twitter if it is true that he
ate he fell doing a game on a
white stage that was in his position
each one of us has our ass and each one
has a different ass than the other and
each one of us have an opinion and we will
agree with some things and with others
not but when the controversial videos
of reason defending itself on the
attacks that have been made to him it
is true
I would lose the whole argument whether he was
more or less right because I do not like it and it
is something that I have never done when I
had with my father with something for some reason I do not care
and the next day you feel that he has forgotten you are so that is
always fair of
the discussions because that bad vibe that
desire I do not like that
also when he decides to make a
serious investigation video
like for example the amazon
jordi gual incredible video which of the
amazon that was a very good video that
if it were a gossip channel it would not
flatter said jordi wild and peter for
example I also made videos a series of
videos dismantling the
michael jackson documentary the docu that was made would
happen because the children where they
mature or if it seems totally
acceptable totally fun to me and that
people demand it but it is not the
case or rather this is a stigma that is
placed on them not as if
their channel were 100% controversial and it
really is gossip it is not controversial
sometimes but
once again [ __ ] javier I know you can't
upload an uglier suit instead
of controversy for the word gossip it is
controversial but the web
is not out there by the same family by
the same branch okay like it is understood
no please it
's never the gossip a
gossip channel is strictly all gossip
not a percentage of age it can
be controversial
or gossip
50 which depend of course also of
course there are times when you have a streak with
absolutely nothing
this began to talk a little about
salcedo's channels and talks about how little they
know you
also
talk more than anything about the content of my
criticism of 77 minutes views
because you
are commenting  a nonsense that is
also said a lot that what it
implies is how everyone sees and
wants to get to youtube and have visits
then they simply have to start
talking about sal siesta
that also for example this also not everyone is
worth it for everyone there are people
also takes to mess with people
to defend themselves or to attack or for evil
and there are people who are worth more for
video games second obviously each one
each one in their market that year on the
platform and for six years I have seen
dozens of companions that I crossed along
the way dozens of people that I have
met and that have tried to do the
same thing that I do even dealing with the
same type of themes even imitating
a little referencing me a little in
the way of working in a plan direct
close and videos and not warlike to the
criticisms for six years before thanks
guys yes it is
worth it kiko yes different and dozens
of people who speak it is even better
than me it needed it more beautiful than me and they have had to
leave it because they have not
passed the thousand subscribers or the
well I follow this channel because it
entertains me it is the sal seo channel and
because  I delight in looking at your face all
precious churra face to face throwing a kiss
smiling face works of heart
thank you so much I already said but I almost
moved away from my face and down the stairs I didn't
put it no I didn't put it dude in the
end I put it on the other part of the
live show dude I'm going to put it back
because this is too strong
or rather literally it's already nowhere Danielle thank you
very much welcome literally I'm
talking to acne today on the phone
there was one night I saw Marta
del Castillo's documentary I wasn't commenting on it with
her more or less listening to the audio
hundreds of people reported nonsense
and then things don't hear
and that I fell down the stairs of my case
yes
listening
and since I'm silent
hundreds of people reported the
nonsense and then things
[Laughter]
let's get here the worker is already
late the show
please harasses me all [ __ ] day
Peter reaction to the reaction of the
nation where did these paladins come from
trying to lynch those who say the
nonsense and not those who do it
clear clear exactly it would be something like that
right yes it would be something like that curved I have
things happen I comment on them that  I
stopped commenting on us dif and that they are going to
stop passing
writers
[Music]
having a cameo ri in this video
salsa theme does not guarantee that you are going to be
able to live off YouTube that you are going to have
many visits because society is
[ __ ] there are many people who if the
subject of course the subject of
what is clear is that the internet as a
society there are several subjects that have a
lot for example you have to be very
intelligent to know it then it depends
on the ethics or the limit values
each person wants to reach to do it
not to do it I have all the subjects without
anti or that is that is [ __ ] all
the subjects pull
each one is good at a subject to a
subject but all the subjects pull
day and pull you go out pull
when their fashion sent with the
taxes now I imagine that when
gta 5 comes out this is going to come out I can't
also pull the sanse or pull it depends on
which channel the salsero pulls it doesn't pull it
depends on which channel the forma pulls it no longer
pulls documentary there are science channels there are
music channels new clip for
plus salsa
but well I blow it up --ten melody
but you had said if the  pse or as such
I would have 20 million views
along the way friends of juan a lot about
the lines and they are the limits of a friend of
mine who sometimes plays on the line have you
done this it is already above the limit
like what he did a few months ago with the
covite test that seems like crap to me, I
mean that is something that I do
not like about the limit not about what is what is
ethical to me what is not
moral what is not so worth it there are people
whose code will help them support and they do it
calmly I hate us time that sometimes it is
done but more people no then but
what is clear javi is that you want to
have visits on youtube on the internet and
if you deal with money issues you deal with
collaboration issues other people deal with
salsa issues of controversies I
obviously will throw topics that if you
play a gameplay in a great way and it comes out
great and surely why because they
are current issues and they are topics of
general interest mainly okay if I would
not need the pink press in this
house to grow aitana for
example every day at
airports or other singers and actors
no
but it's that all the  content tina
depends on what I do and it depends on the
channel being this channel the subscribers
are followers of the sauce or
and they find it because they look for the sanse or the one
that arrives I have to search for nine
this
game they don't
follow the brush session we haven't said
because you find day grace and that
literally depends on the people who get
hooked on youtube I think not apart from the
well topic the press took us to youtube
three years ago and came to jordi gual and
three more came to us and they ruined it I'm glad I'm
glad because honestly I don't
know what you think about this but well
I think about the blond nor jordi white
ruined the tabloids in fact I
think that they
and that they participated voluntarily or
something like that
for whoever ruins it a fire in me
whoever ruins it a fire michu but
one thing is the tabloids like
that in the end television is also going away it's being
corrected in fact one of the things I
wasn't talking about the interviewer diego
arrabal
[Music]
the issue of people's privacy or
rather the fact of using a
public figure does not imply that you don't have
privacy you don't have the right  to
intimacy okay like you can't take
a picture what can I tell you
in a hotel I imagine I know or tell
something about your private life to a cousin
a cousin appears there saying that he had a
thing with you I know whatever not what is
done in Sálvame that is going to end up
ending I
wait for people at the door of their
houses and everyone watching there focusing
the cameras of where you live that is going to be
cut off little by little it is
corrected it does not happen that of
course still on television well there is a long way to go before that is corrected because they have been doing it for years they are not aware that society and times have changed but here on YouTube Karime of course if you go here nobody thinks of waiting for the blond at the door of his house
we talk about that today the blond the
dance the puya this the rugby usap fight
with this giving wings to with life the blond I do
not know what public things okay because it does
not occur to us and at the door
of the blond's house I am going to wait for him with
the microphones pass on television
because nowadays he does not by strips and
javis it depends on who does it also
nowadays if you focus and this is what I
explained to you Diego Arrabal nowadays not
like 20 years ago 20 years ago you
went to the house of a church and nobody goes
to look for the house of gurb church nor would they
know where it was because
the house was focused but nowadays if you focus on the
blonde's portal anyone goes into
google + pim pam and makes two or three
writings they fight over it by electric
you come around a couple of times and anyone
knows where the blonde lives and they start to
present the house and everything that is worth
those will realize it on TV
now
I put
but it is very different because we are
doing it in another way and in another
way seasoning like 80 days on the
street it balances its photo scenes
completely all day of your
personal life with your girlfriend with your car
when you go to dinner when you get
drunk on the street through it is not very
funny
but what there is
in what there is right now because
youtubers are not characters of interest
but if you are in a  a photo in
public and you are a public figure that's
what there is, there
are things that have to be assumed
and the good thing is not only the soap as
you say man, obviously it is what I am
telling you, that you are a public person does
not limit your right to
privacy, your right to privacy
which, for example, that
someone appears telling who you are in
bed with, for that there are lawsuits and
the civil code understands me even if you
are famous, no, you cannot go to someone to
talk to tell about villas in bed,
no,
but that is with a photo on the street, it
seemed very strange to me that
Rubén was photographed
while on vacation, how the hell did they know
where he was on vacation with the super
discreet ones, which is the one who never says
anything about his private life, where he goes where he
comes, super strange
this is not the same as having a
paparazzi, the line that you make viral,
topics that maybe without your fame, without your
channel, they would not go viral, they would not become
of interest and also there is one thing and I
want to finish it, I finish but at this
phase with this if Javier weren't there I
would be that I also tell you, I mean, in
life I  I mean there's everything and if I
wasn't there I'd get another guy another global guy or
girl well at least the one who's
generally criticizing dicks
too of course at least I'm happy you know but
people also follow certain channels
because they want to watch youtube
less and less people more and more
people with less or less sincerity and with a
more rotten heart also selfish with
more desire you know like look it's
me and I'm above everyone else and
without this I'm a corner do you understand not with
values ​​[ __ ] it happens to me that I'm
increasingly lazy to meet people because
a lot of people I know
come with intentions that disgust me
because you have interests with intentions
to know try not pure I understand that it
's true that in Spain the
most successful plan is and of the nations they
speak very well of how we are as a
society we are a society that there's no
need to talk about
my youtube channel what is the video with the
most views of the last month
is to be here
because as a society we are more interested in the
misfortune of others I don't know why not because let's
see that subject became slow
in the mind of me
that has not been  the six rolls and so on
instead of putting
interest to nobody is more interested in the
misfortunes and the salseros and bad things
than in the positive ones themselves the truth
then well in a way it is not something that I
criticize because I understand I understand that
this video attracts more attention than the
FIFA one I understand it attracts attention but
the reality is this and in Spain or in the
entire world it happens a lot that well the
controversial cleaning programs like
sálvame de luxe has been there I don't know how
long on Telecinco that if such well
then yes I am going to
try to ignore the fact that he
treats society like a [ __ ]
we refer to politicians or public who are
people with Down syndrome I am going to
leave that aside because in fact
this is a good ham this Christmas that
on YouTube
the visits but [ __ ] Javi please are I
hope that with each word that I
am saying me and
being and we have to understand the points
are worth the points and that each agent
believed that if something of the stick
well Javi has been a moralist
because they are saying
Down syndrome and that but as he said the word
at some point he considered that he is very
calm for it  he's already warming his
mouth or something like that but to
consider that people and that mills is the
ceo because we live in a society of
monoliths is good because it is contained
that we live in a society a little
confused and a little stupid you give many
things but that it is precisely because they
see sal seo let's see what you say that
your community comes for the fart which is not
reprehensible they see it totally logical
if I had a sister a brother or my
wife wanted to dedicate herself to this
obviously I would also give her what I have
and I would help her in every way possible the
most logical thing in the world but it would be
absurd no but it would be absurd to deny that
your fan don comes from the fan where serious of you
think he is a person who in the
content that he makes well has
dedicated himself to hunting pokemon at 180
kilometers per hour he is being the goose
on the streets of andorra today
with a mclaren and with his colleagues on
roads where he is supposed to
go at 20 or 30 and that he has a
series that are two spans one of the
most recurring jokes that he has in his
streaming is  take put your ass on the
mic this is fine xavi I mean in
days they left it on the ground and he what
I used to be done things he has played a lot
with the limits and he has crossed the
limit okay okay but there is no
need to kill him with what goes if he
is on that internet everyone
screws up but it is that he screws up everything share
everything that said action nothing or rather like do
n't notice that he sent gref I
mean when something blood happens I
will comment on it but I am not burning it the
point that I am to which he is going is that he
has messed with the audience that
interests you in the toilet and I am going to talk about
the audience of what the
audience likes that he has is that they have
everyone
surely that
doing things well
in fact I play well below the
line because the day that I leave at
least I want to leave the memory to the
people he
was a kid
and I do
not understand that he
[Music]
literally is a worse entity at every
moment he is disgusting
natural as David is and just live
and live life and have his shits
because I do not think about them because they simply
flow  Well,
for example, it depends on how he gets it,
good St. Peter's in the future. I hope
you're enjoying the live stream of the tasty old man
in 185 years. Well, it's not a good one, much
less recording it. Obviously, I'm not going to
defend any facts that they've altered
because many of them thought about that moment and
others because obviously I don't think it
was a 180 video, saying that
the video wasn't edited, he didn't see it
literally, he's not
insulting him, I
mean, he's taking everything a bit out of
context, you don't understand the other part, I mean to
say something else, it's not right
that he insults him but he leaves the complete kit
because I think he then says jokingly, what
about a
click, an example of that there we made a
video. In fact, I don't know if I have my
main channel. I don't think he
knew that cyclists are happy,
but it's that the editor really did
take the worst click there was. The truth is that it
's a video that was made quickly and
agile to react to the worst, but normally
the videos that I make are very
well informed, even if you're just a pse or
trying to be the best you can, I
think this is it.
In this video, it shows a lot of clips,
okay, and here it's not so taken out of context.
bankinter in case you want to see it watch
this video I'm not telling you to watch it
live to look at me or anything okay
but
if you don't want to see my people here no longer
literally answers horribly to the chat
when he gets the bad itch he
clicked well it turns out you do
n't
know
not
a
complete [ __ ] and that's how it is well neither but I
want to defend things that I don't know if they
are I can defend that no because as I
say I haven't seen it here in full I don't know if the
context area or is it like that for real
[Music] it's
very easy to talk about the bad but
well more complicated you know like it's
very easy to talk about there being two Hectors
don't [ __ ] with you but it's not so easy to say
that the collection one hundred thousand dollars
last year for air
[Music]
here the point is not and I'm playing
if he's good for people I don't know him
on the internet I kind of dislike him a good
person I don't think so
when he tried to throw me at the channel
with strike because I don't think he's a good
person sincerely when he dedicates himself
to the internet okay he doesn't seem like a good
person but I wanted to fix everything and
clean everything up with donations well it doesn't
seem to me to touch supports and win
[Music] I do
n't know how much Grave makes
but probably more than six figures
each month because he also donated
twenty thousand euros to someone every Christmas
or thirty thousand I don't know
prove
the point here is that they are
underestimating the audience of my
channels hahahahaha face rolling with
laughter wailing take out the donation it's that we have to
talk about Greg well I don't
always speak badly of Grave okay I have
videos speaking well of Greg I have
videos speaking well of Greg
[Music]
What's up my kids let's see I know I
'm not a blonde I'm not open a
play I know my limitations okay I know
that some of my videos may be
more interesting and others less but the thing about the
last few weeks it's really not
normal that YouTube
video game is
only that you are subscribed well it
turns out that today we are on the lips of on
this occasion interviews on this
program the one about dublé with more I were
guys and what I said was in peace very
controversial you could get a lot more out of it he
played then by much this is an uncomfortable thing it
matters that it is the interview style to
get more juice
yes it is true that win michu  also
now to explain my subscribers for
things that always the same or someone is
speaking well of a person saying
eyes how big you think he is a good
person is he is a guy publicly to
put the eight steps in the turnip okay and
it is noticeable that it is noticeable because when
a youtuber says it who in turn is
hitting others a few it is the same
because it does not make me tan again I have already
burned the white god has
already made my hair normal again
well in this video I remember that
many times I have said that it
seems to me that he puts a lot of effort into what he
does it is very funny I do not know that there are
times that if he speaks well of
him it gives something to talk about what to talk about
Peter if every time he goes out somewhere you will
see a live for a
cancer ally and that every year it is a
charity event that raises thousands of thousands of
thousands of euros they take for
charitable causes like save the children
a lot of things that he has done that is not
spoken of in a way, I
mean it is very easy about the bad and what he
has put in many cases is
indefensible but not to talk about the good you do
not talk about the donations  that they do of the of
all that he has done you do not
talk about the charitable overtones or the
events that he has put on reliable behind the
internet at the entertainment level at the
level of all the people who have
today I have seen the subject by chance and I
wanted to ask a question this thing of the
salsa singer is not like some kind of
informal pink press that will grow over the
years a greeting well growing and
I do not get involved
sir
this gentleman related also it is because I
believe that he is not a bad person outside the
internet so that is why I am giving him
a little here the like the truth because I
think that he is being in part a small
role which is the role of bad guy or on the
opposite side like half think I am
going to think about it and I am going to create this
video for that reason because of its content but
the thing is that when I make donations
and topics like that well I do not make it
public and it is are most of the time
you do not even know
good things and good things I
understand that the consumer does not but the
concept that he has
that only
current events are talked about if it gives something to
talk about for something very good then
something good is talked about I
want with him and sincerely
we agreed on many topics of  summer I
say but
this gentleman leaves Oliveira because there
are no staff guys and personally
I'm not
saying it's very easy but also and not so
much of the good that I understand if the
writer talks about the good also 180
what a [ __ ] it's not worth well and the good that
guy and everything that he has done that they
talk between you and me for the truth that
you are to talk about people who have
been the good for guard to be
better and only maybe yes to be
aware that your audience because it did
not bring inhabited the fandom that had the
best is not very smart and that's why
[Music]
but I don't think that we are all
eight year old children I think more than 14 15 16
789 10
and advertises headphones that
actually cost three or four euros in
the express but only as if they were
Apple's only upload this type of things
up to 200 euros
after because you only pay that the truth
capital serious this video
the truth that has caught the serious shipment
also as I say posted
18 has posted a lot of older people
literally the chat is 12 13  18 12 16
14 18 there's one there's 26 okay
the bad and not to mention the good I don't understand I
understand why but oh well
like everything nothing happens I'm not
talking about age I'm not talking about
age
82 I'm not talking about age the point
here is that she says that there are people more
[ __ ] than who start to
like the salsero it's not like I prefer
the people that I have who like
sanse or who is not the salsero and I
often go in depth into many topics of
the return of the coconut and others I prefer that to
people who laugh at cars
chretín this other one well no the truth no
in my case it's that then there is also
a lot of lies behind it and it's a
stitch score it's a channel of
controversy or sloppiness they tell you a
lie and what do you do you shut up
or give it more hype it's a [ __ ] because it's
called hype in what they are looking for if it
falls in your mouth you end up with an [ __ ]
and wishes it's a lie and  what you do is
shut up or you give it more hype it's
a [ __ ] because it gives more hype in what they are
looking for that they can see in the
chat, don't even worry, you just have to
go to the air channel, read a little,
the children are precisely on their channel
and it's not strange at all those things he
liked the children well precisely he
saw Peter I know that your relationship with
someone from Tuzza but look I'm going to show
the statistics of my channel
or rather here live okay but the
main thing is the
audience don't want to change the YouTube
audience study
look at the channel's okay Peter
today has been fighting well whether
we're talking about the Tele Salcedo channel it's
[ __ ] from Mrs. Escotilla
del corazón
but
the statistics of being interested in life
81% women and almost all of them over 55 and
over 65
with the whole issue of those who arrived
a lot of lies around a lot of
lies and they made David feel sorry for him like
David was a partner in that company no way
that was
respectful
respect I never like to give names or let go
to the lions no one is worth no I no
I didn't think the company was from
greve there the mistake of growing to
announce it to their followers to announce
the announce some headphones
as if they were original
for ten euros shipping
now I have a test that has proposed
one that is a credit bank or something
like that and their super is the return that I
am giving it and where I am investigating
the [ __ ] company is done the tested
in the tests for an
instagram promo but now I have
certain certain service for my audience
I am a little interested I am interested in
taking promos you know but I am less
interested in taking anything bad
is checking the credits were we
started to ask for loans from a bank
something like that it was but well they were light as it is not
called
and ask for a credit of six thousand euros they will not
have 24 hours
friends of ours who did this [ __ ]
and as a friendship I trust them the plan
could not be
but that the original announcement
you are sons of [ __ ] those sons of
[ __ ] because you can't do something we
trust you because we are colleagues
and you have
full [ __ ] another company or dicks it seems that I
am doing and
the truth is that you are not defending
because literally  what I'm
criticizing is not if he is the owner of the
company no in fact my videos from that
time what I said that although there were
people who did believe that it was his
company that the company was his the page
was his I always said that I don't believe
that the page was grez's that it was not
proven okay but that he is
responsible for what he advertises in his
story and it will be in the threads and the
ads for that you can't do it you
can announce the reply as if they
were original then
many lies and many and I who know
many things a lot of [ __ ] but well that
's what interests menorca sloppiness
lies because if you respond it
feeds them if you don't respond the example the
flights and they end up plowing no matter what
they always win you know
in
the rest
but it will depend on the channel maybe
sometimes I have said something it is
true but I have not done it with the
intention of lying I have
not done it with the intention of
lying you understand if I see something
wrong what was rectified I remove it you
know the lie does not interest me that is
exactly what
is happening a limit of son of a
[ __ ] lying for  your benefit
sat down and that's what happens with the spots
that has created a lot, a lot, a lot of
controversy, a lot of [ __ ] and it's those guys that's
the truth you get caught up in people and in the
end well you shouldn't you shouldn't
learn to learn life with this it
's not physics
but maybe the people who consume it to
understand if it is much more the way of
people of underinvestment entertain
the first and
second I do and I don't know five or
six years ago when I don't go to controversies and
once I repeat again I put a
person not because I like their content
but because I like them and I like them
as a person and automatically I am already a
terrorist al qaeda to peter above
al qaeda they don't know the plan I am a
person they have nothing, nothing, nothing what
price is this wand on them your controversy rises on me
their little things gave their call from
his brother the last one and his hand and leisure
no longer follows him I said go defended him does not
follow him follow
him god
and
about a zero to the left
everyone ignores you lucku has been
sending seen that they ignore
good guy well well be
careful it's good to have  state but
a new account well well right now
I'm freaking out I was ready now and I
'm freaking out that I want a lot of tennis
in Dead Comanche
that
Pedrerol has because because he's chatting
with Peter Lorant Peter that gives me a
video I swear that Lucía is good well
my guys well my guys
thanks follow him
like I say because the version
like I say I've had it in my life my
guys that's how it is
because look at the acne how far it has come
and to give it
Alan Emirates to you in my fall I
swear that I thought it would be the guy without
these and regrettable anyway I was going to go
now well I don't know this
interview this year he says it
for example
together and it's content
on YouTube it's not that easy he also said
in my case more complicated it's
not survival for your dream well I
understand the important thing like the
truth is
I don't care that if he's a good person I'm
going to like you I'm going to follow you and I'm going to appreciate you
the window
but he himself had said that
[Music]
was the most important person beyond the
internet then place is a
perfect case for them I described the same thing as
the uncle south is a guy that the course  I do
n't consume content that I don't know what to do
at the time my sister and her boyfriend made my
sister and my sister with her
boyfriend it seems to me that it has changed I don't
know but at that time I made content
very joyful but well
if it goes well for you it works for you and it's not
well either go ahead
like really
yes I will
surely go see a documentary
or something interesting or many
YouTube channels that also make content
totally on parity this one has a
[ __ ] machine this guy let's talk about
music like Mozart
the Playstation I admire a lot because it has
been Jaime Cantizano it is I have seen
some videos of his and it makes that I don't consume
those things in the first place I don't have
time nor do I feel like it or anything like that but you have to
recognize that he does a good
job but this one is that I don't like it as
soon as he is many years old and he talks about topics
of physics, the science of the universe I
remember with him we
talked about a
physicist who does not stop asking about
food, topics of the universe, black holes
attracts only because of the intelligence that he has
if I were if I brought in men I
swear that this guy is
also intelligent intelligent wins me over I
love him because apart from the fact that by
nature human beings are attracted to it
but to give  people
who don't like the third one but are
attracted by the morbidity but
generally when you're fed up with
a work day that is
up from 4 to 5 in the morning they spend twelve
hours putting up with a big older client
colleague boss or whatever when you
get home who wants to take off their
socks and
open a beer or a soda for you put their
feet up on the table and put on
some content that you can have
a laugh with and that is content above
all that entertains you that hooks you that
entertains your head a little and that
is easy to digest and
basically the salsa a
quick content to digest people's work
a worse day
on the internet
literally yes yes yes
literal yes clear and literal if not
more jan peter
those are the videos that to main but
this roll of the right that we are
here with the gossip look for example
and here with dense and had an hour and what
I'm left with this is just putting the
little one of putting work but at full capacity
to clean the house for the truckers
and leave money that listens to me done  here going
down from one of the other
so that it emits up is against x
youtube
javi how long have you been live from a kiss
handsome 5 now let's do now I'm
staying still observe
and in three as if out of curiosity but I don't
think anyone has the habit of
finishing their workday or their
school day and going to search the internet for
recommendations
but it still
has absolutely nothing to do with the
number of subscribers with the visitation
Diego Arrabal I was thinking now and he
has about ten and ten 50,000 or 60,000
subscribers but the guy has 20 thousand
viewers every day the day that I
normally has 15,000 viewers in each
live all the videos an average of
100 130 thousand visits or literally it
has nothing to do it
's the subject man the subject the moment what
maybe in uploading a subject
even if it is the fastest
[Music]
normal
money with the prayer is with youtube
internet
depends
on the videos that were the least
last month was when ibai escaped him that I
said or so this when you visit him
when  Ibai leaked what he earned
from tweets from people up you know everyone
and when the lists were leaked also
of I curse the [ __ ] mother
here quietly
to escape and for
physics
because the one
who is watching
[Music]
the video
the ones I had is obviously if you have
a boyfriend who has promoted some
Javi headphones Javi Javi and
please he didn't come with Gemas Gema and David
David okay I don't know what I'm going to say but
you know that smells and GM I'm good at okay
not for this topic I don't know
females no
because she's going to criticize I think that I'm
going to say that now she's going to criticize
the salt channels because the
experience he has to his name they
criticize him a lot and they lie about him on the
one hand of that and on the other those that
she the audience that have David's
then and she messes with the audience that
she likes to see one thing well let's see
what she liked Turia 2 you put the boyfriend
in the middle I
tell myself that my father is a murderer
if you don't know what another person does no  It
defines me as a current person and yes it
depends it depends if your parents a murderer
and a video of your parents a murderer and you
get it and complain well I will tell you
that your father
is not the case in which there is but do not
mention the boyfriend do not promise to this
subject that speaks with her answer no it
is not the case
the case has to do now you should
answer the case of Gemma well maybe maybe
surely if you know if
I like ambiguity like maybe so as
not to put myself in one bag or another
because you have to doubt everything that is
always said of what you see that you get
half and what you hear do not believe anything you
know like it is what always
but
then for example like the friend he saves
this one who took the car through Andorra me
saying he wanted a little
breathalyzer but just as it
is normal that there is some type of criticism
a little harsher than expected audio at the
end of the day at the end of the day they are
accidents and misfortunes it is not saved for
example I do not think it is something very liquid
to throw in God's face
come on now ampi ter come on now
come on
since  moyá with it appears the note this
catering the car gave by Andorra and each
positive in alcohol and it's going to be a
video on top of a victim of I have
worked all my life for my
lost dream I would be sorry if you
lost your dream if you are a youtuber
who does nothing wrong like peter for
example send the years that I have been from
peter I have never spoken clearly it has already appeared on
my channel it is because it has appeared people I
mean next to the others want but
if if you take irún youtuber who is
here saving your money and without that
even if it is the youtube that is okay and
suddenly your house burns down and you lose the
house that you have been paying for all your life a
house that has cost you a lot of work to
pay but that is another thing and another thing
is that you take and do 5 to a lighter
and start smoking and when throwing the
cigarettes here and you get a joint and throw
the butt on the ground in the park and what do I
know and you spill gasoline here and he has a
cigarette well there you will not give me pains and he
notices that he saves you what he did was  take
the car gave positive in breathalyzer and
said that we have to see what a poor thing
the one who has lost the car of his dreams and
that we have to see that he tested positive but
why
the save is that I remember but he said that he
gave a little alcohol because
life gives a kiss to the girlfriend or am I
dreaming it said some stupid thing is true
like drunk but not much
I will call made cuts to the
positives and it is impossible to remain even a
tenth
of hunger but the save s with the
car and that is a disgrace what to
save is a disgrace but that he has
looked for the okay but it is that serious
here the images that posted has not said
anything
friends
[Music]
are here it has been the goose with a
McLaren
and they go through the streets of Andorra and they go
through the streets of Andorra
does not go by road that town and cars
crossing
here and again as there is that it is that we
were here seeing
seeing the streets searching it on google
maps and not in vain you have to
speed in this it does not go well I was 30
for sure man please lampeter
must be to blame the face of others well of
course  as a rule because what you know
happens Peter that the kids have
their edition how cool color cars look
how cool or how good this
poor kid is who has lost his car what a
good direct the society with success who
has lost his car for success the other has
lost a car in salvo shame joke we
all have mistakes in life and they
give him more power and more likes and more
subscribers and more views and what they
have to do give him a pull on the
ear
because a family that goes with a
little bit to be like that and goes with their children
goes with their dog of people misfortunes
and there we will have a
real misfortune of those that come out on my channel on
twitter
things are criticized here for a reason
we were wrong and it's the [ __ ] he told me that
a certain amount was not allowed somewhat
greater than the press it was tremendous the
agile and the stupidity followed the saved
stadium what is learning to javi mente with
him and make more blood
no balls on twitter no balls
no balls go down they go there through
Andorra like fast and furious and we are not
going to criticize who  publicly you
understand what I mean and try and
guess already saves with that subject never for it
is a subject that has done so much damage for
success or success and it is something that has been
lost so much in his life is to win
- more than the broken one that nobody happens that what
the car has not
learned by itself not in plan and has been
repeated and helped all that I have to
cry you know then they are of
big accidents obviously they can be
avoided obviously surely it could have been
avoided but for those accidents not
because it could have been inhabited and it did not succeed
and well he learned
what the [ __ ] it is not that it could not have been
avoided it is that if you are going to take an üy
is going to go to a party and you are going to drink do not
[ __ ] take the car and me not some guys
who are not that they can afford an uber
okay that they are some guys that we are
talking about that can afford a driver to
accompany them all [ __ ] night
the issue of people with cars
putting at risk the rest of the people
who are well you do not know what touches my
dick
a million things can happen to
innocent people that nothing happens okay the girlfriend
herself that  I was going next to him, he did
n't even sell it to me, as I turned the
car to save my government, I know it
works, man, but
don't justify the unjustifiable. You
learn from life, you identify it, you always get
something positive out of it,
well, if he does it and without further ado,
make it a shitty video, well, if I
had still made a video,
guys, I'm an idiot, I screwed up. I shouldn't have
run the car. Well,
then, God, look at load 2, but
look, at least he's showing his face and
but what if he made a
shitty video, how am I not going to get out of the criticism
of the video, it's
wrong, but I think he already knows it and I think I
never throw it in his face or anything
because I think that with the fact, many years
now he's been big and
'twilight' videos, transforming the man, I
do it, I dodge it to save his girlfriend,
to take the whole hit,
the big mistake, of course, neither,
but second, crucial story inside,
animal, I know what was told on the
internet, but beyond the fact that he lived more or
less than that, I would never undo it, the
apprentice of honor and and I continued putting it
in the ravine after time, man, who doesn't  he
learned from his [ __ ] mistake peter who knows
the problem if he had made a video and
if not he's still exhausted I'm an
idiot like the other day I don't know what
happened to me the other day because of a
radar I'm an idiot I don't know why the
[ __ ] I did this when I never
fully knew the laws when I wanted
young kids idiots I
was an idiot and now I'm an
idiot I could get a fine almost every
day with the motorcycle because I was an idiot
but you go out and say I'm an idiot
look what I've done I've
put all the people
who would have passed by this road at risk
I've put my girlfriend at risk I
have her next to me but no on top of that she comes out
saying that I was
drunk but not much that here in
Andorra more alcohol is allowed than in
Spain it is measured in a different way I don't give a
damn to anyone who defends that you man
peter I like you but you take care of me a lot it
irritates me a lot the subject the subject the
subject of me irritates me they
are teaching people some values
because on top of that they are influencers and people
applaud because they have a lot of the same
so normal  that she gets some
criticism but generally gemma
truly has a heart that beats a visit to
my channel and tell me at what moment I tend to
disrespect people I
try to make content entertaining
amuse and more or less play a little
salsa but never with the intention of
humiliating anyone, of disrespecting them
ever and of course attacking you look at
blood unless it's a person who
in
the case of throwing themselves into the terrible lack of
education
when you have someone in your house who
throws themselves in front of tens of thousands of
viewers and javi and whoever in their
life of
course yes and of course of continuing all over
the world and the USA everything and also corporal
and I also carry peter and I can pee
look I can [ __ ] and I can pee here I
open the closet guys give me a
moment like 4 hours live okay
and I pee here I can do better look
much better
I can [ __ ] while he put gas in
the car he could take it and at the same
counter at the same counter to
take advantage of the time that it takes me on the
way he pulled the lock there and I go
on the counter to  the chick who's
serving well of course of course we don't
have any but and we all love each other too
but of course that's why there are moments
and not just moments and here I'll give you the
perfect example imagine you're at Isabel
Pantoja at a concert and she says when
the song is over she says guys, I
love you in public, firecracker and
breaks the microphone from the game yesterday that she
throws well of course to Peter for not passing up the
job opportunity in your house in your
privacy we all throw it away let's
please not talk about ethics or respect or
education or [ __ ] when you mess
with people you'll get along better or worse you ca
n't control that big guys in a
good way okay but let's see why it
's a lack of education
a few points
in your group in your house in
public we don't say all these outrages the
group of colleagues and just like what
happens in the US toe you can fall like
if it gets away you got away I
have Crohn's disease you can get
away useful speaking once in a while
nature is if it gets away
nothing happens but integrate like a joke
man me seeing the position that  you have
believe in that image that I just put
the truth is that a lot here but I think it
is a
lot like a lot
[Laughter] there is
not much I do not know if leaving is the field
and these people this group puts
[Music]
is playing there the notes that are some
bears there enormous with their beards and their
things
and me but porn porn the truth is that you do
not have to have education first of all
that nobody ever never can act as a
moralist in life in life because he
is with nobody because what is said on the
internet surely you have done it five
times because
always and mine too systems
varieties so that we take the list I do
not have anything moralistic uncle, it is to say that it is
not said to him repeat that Greg's girlfriend
as he said at the beginning those
moralists are necessary but to say that I do not know that they do not
put that they do not put to
comply in Cecilia by the microphone
well it is not the moralist it is to ask for
education where it is that it comes from me
once in school I have a pod it
escaped me okay we never tell this
I once in the code that has a
weight that escaped me
okay and like but but  that
literally no no but what usually comes
out that smells will go because all the
sound is worth it but that does not even fall I was
like the fifth or sixth grade something like that
okay and now I remember
perfectly letters sitting with another one that
no truth we wanted from the 22nd
we are in the front row because the ally
motor time
and the other
and the whole class breaking up that they thought I had
done it on purpose and
the teacher who was like the one from
Matiz d'aro got away from me and better said get out right
now because because it's a lack of
education and she thinks I had done it having she
thinks I had done it on purpose and I had
really gotten away
and they kicked me out of the class
lack of respect fart you smell like
huelva chew it like only that an
[ __ ] even people eating
watching the string eating and with
headphones or whatever or you're
eating at home but have the same
position install all of grandma's families
with the tortilla that is not a
lack of education please
justify that god I have already said the
other videos it seems tremendously
horrible to me I can't imagine David Bisbal in
a concert and no  you can separate not
laid eggs you can't compare
this concert has the tickets buy
by the way and I missed it and I forgot I
forgot how many people
can someone tell me how many people can be at
a concert
how many people can there be at a concert
much less than there are at a
string and peter de greve
much less much
less
clearly you can compare it is
perfectly comparable
david bisbal is a singer who knows he
is a clown
despite
stretching the channel I send his improvement to
knock me down on video because I criticized that
he went to an event to hug
everyone without masks and
use security and so on when
two or three days later a device to the cob and
the kid does those things in public
and it is
criticizable and I also thought about it at the
time obviously it is criticizable
so there I have no say but it is
an accident you also have to understand you
know I mean you go to an event where they have
an accident there
today we are going to leave scatological topics an
accident is that after [ __ ] you
put the cases upside down twitter that is
an accident okay but what  you take
go to an event that has just ended the
state of alarm
and what there is at the event are some
rules that must be followed because
the government has set them which are not to be without
masks together people who are not
cohabitants less than a meter and a half
away
[Music]
psn what they did to us was the
other thing
what you can't do is go to a
stadium where there are a lot of youtubers
each one from their city each one from their
family each one suddenly doesn't know
any second as the day ends
and you get together with everyone there will be 6 v 6
and I'm all there without masks
so if he comes out of there with the cumin it's
an accident
okay peter
a kobe test you supposedly test
negative well you want to be free
of all sin of total
[ __ ] an accident is this
hundreds of people denounced the nonsense
and then things
an accident is that you fall down the
stairs
in two days it is an accident it is a [ __ ]
disgrace it is not an accident it is not an
accident
if I folio without a condom
and I have a son it is not an accident
that if  he hugged the world
that test
ah
it's like if I walk
down the street with this because the mask is marked
what's happening what's happening
with
Peter White he
's disappointing man
so much
aldaba what he did then
surely equally as much as we
have to stay so distant hello
javi it ​​would be good if in your answers
towards and peter you added the phrase I
recognize it it's a phrase they say in
tortilla I don't recognize it am peter lasts
a very well I say but well
as I say we are kids after two
years like everyone else
off camera you have not gone to a dinner
with five or ten or are you getting together not a
chance
I have the chrome not a chance not a
now yes we are with super
vaccinated now I think if we ask
four allegations to beer but until I have
had the third vaccine not a
chance not a
chance there
are places where I have not gone
because I have seen them there are places where I have not
gone a place that they have invited me and I have not
gone because the day before I saw them on
their facebook they have been partying in their
sacred I
did a this one is coming tomorrow he is
partying I am not going not a
chance  you know the careful ones
[Music]
I don't want to get the covibar we would get through it
with the vaccines and the truth is
we don't feel like getting the kobe and the truth is I have
small children from my father with their
beer things
this the same
when commenting that I had a reason because it will
give life to these criticisms but
an event was coming in a communicative fight
about those people I am that what person does
not do that you know what person does not do
that
wrong with the concept of
salt channels I know that there are currently on the
YouTube market because it is
true that when it started and we were
talking the other day watching the
gafa video that when the first channels began to come out
being for speakers
well it was all complete garbage because they
were completely aggressive
completely defamatory some did not
even know how to speak and what they
did the most was lack of respect but it is
true that in the past it was another
time people were much more beastly
we had normalized and these things that
today
javi where this video is
this address
[Music]
that would have what I tell you in a video you can
see your address of your house or yours that has been
given  wrong data okay
here is a video that bothers you
a dick
to see if it is an offensive video or that it
hurts you a lot because something or rather I do not
want to look at anyone it affects no one
in their life has been commenting on the much
talked about internet I
understand the weight that youtube has it is the
business of this person and of all of us who
are on youtube in tweets and it has to
have a little more of are you or not
common sense it is the respect due to the
best of me I did not know anything and
the network is putting it in he is there because
if not I do not know if maybe it was
true that he sold a little more what
was the content to the receipt or the blood
falling into the river which is simply
informative content but today
the channels to the seo that there are that I know
like for example the south guy or me with
all my channels with all the channels
and eight we try to never humiliate
anyone or make anyone feel bad because
of any of our videos and
merely what we do is comment
give a little opinion
today we are more or less in agreement with
this or do not agree so much cited
agreement I would have made  I would have
done this but nothing could be further from the
truth and honestly I think it's a
huge hypocrisy that you're
criticizing the channels that are in charge
of exposing and criticizing the [ __ ] of
third parties. I imagine that above all it's because
of your boyfriend's tokes, the
PC that he was criticizing when in this
live you are dedicating yourself to pointing out and
criticizing and belittling the work of
others. I think
so,
if that's what talking is about, let's see if it's not
saying he's commenting on a live stream of
2,000 people on average, something that is not the
same either, it doesn't matter.
I have to start the video on twitter
saying, let's see, Javier has 30 or 40 thousand
views on the videos, I don't know what it is,
so from this date that I talked about
people's garbage, now you're going to
use arguments that have three
thousand viewers, which doesn't matter,
the worker is undervalued and
the exemplary, you can't compare your
percussion video with 33 thousand views in one day
that has to have a live stream of
Gemma talking to a thousand clients,
the repercussion is the same, I don't think so.  that
on top of that he's not mentioning you it's being
said that he doesn't like it on his
digital channel, I do
n't see it
either, the same as if he stabs you in
the leg and you ask for a bullet,
a gun and put four shots in the
chest
because you can
come up with many false things if summer
after time it's true that's all that's what they
eat totally the truth be
factors decided to speak a language and if
the factors are there and I think he has
surely made a mistake because none of us
are perfect we are all human
even if some of us are really handsome
as may be the case that has
present
[Music]
we realize that we cannot do so
in the case of age the truth is that
having a greater reach and a
tremendously huge audience, then he does have
more responsibility than those who speak that I
can have and although I can
recognize that on some occasions I do not
agree with some of his
criticisms precisely if you are
thinking about what he has done to
your boyfriend the truth is that he knew how to
put it in a brutal way he has
left him completely trembling on the
ground and when your boyfriend has responded to him you can
notice each and every one of his
lies and nothing family  He was simply an
example tomorrow he is very good
at defending himself and also although he was truly
wrong I don't know if he was saying that the
company wasn't his and I think he
said it like many things that you know that he is a
pyramid scammer you are already
putting this Vidal family in it it is as if he
were a pyramid scammer he would not be in
jail if he had a complaint for that he
would be in jail you can't say
what
I was what was with the pyramid scam
in this final
7 years ago of something that was very shady and
the guy didn't even know it
is horrible obviously but sometimes
the greed of a female child
the problem is that later he does
similar things when he is older well similar
disgusting
if it was an old video of the super
old like seven years old like what
could Greg be is 14 or 15 years old
surely not
literal
I have also made mistakes with things yes I already
know what it was I know what it was like that
I see worse the iPod thing but it is not there
because there he was already famous there he
was more aware of things he was
older and so he understands more about the market
he has more experience in the world I
am going to hit  The thing about the headphones
is clear
Carlos, of everything you understand you will
say it, he already made a mistake but he hasn't
killed a family, he hasn't done anything. I
think the most important thing when
doing something
is Pete's intention. We all wish
you a great recovery. There will be a strong one.
The intention is the most important thing. The most
important thing is always the intention. I
understand that many do not know what
the person's intention was, for example, the
bodies, without the intention was that David
was the businessman, that the company was his
and that of okay, there I tell you wrong, he is
a son of a [ __ ] looked at a his [ __ ] subway. I
say too, but if the intention is
that he was really coerced by a
colleague, who I tell him that the company is
reliable, that it's [ __ ] great, that really
because of friendship because such and such trusts in my
position, they have beaten him and he by
suite and wallace, peter, people, but he wants to
justify it, but that is the point, he is not the
boss that a play also trusted
these people and now a play did not
announce it, just as serious deception, he has
deceived people, or he has done it or he has made a
mistake, I am not going to tell you, of course,
there is the difference
and in the end
These people are very good and I'll tell you one
thing they're very good at presenting arguments
because they're capable of
turning the tables or putting it
from a perspective where they're
always right you know what they do
simply applying logic and the
truth
and that really is a talent for
example I'm not good at that I'm not
that good at turning things around
or making people see the other
perspective the other vision as I see it
wrong
after 5 hours they're telling me that you
had a conversation there
at the salchichón mansion where you
expressed your most sincere opinion on
farts please please please yes
to peter yes
please yes really yes please
we have to talk seriously man about
the transferred farts
joaquim aware of every time
that he had many trophies
but well this happens because this is an
action and so am I more with david of
congenital he is a Gaul but let's see he
had his reason to
criticize everything I said half they
took class from him he faces things in life
against you do you think he did wrong at the
time and that in many cases are
indefensible  as much as the perspective is that it's
me you see another point is
wrong equally Perez that maybe he
Javi makes him out as a criminal and I make him
out as an [ __ ] things are bad
things about the
car the speeds it's easy to
criticize and putting him with a criminal
has seemed fatal because I think he's
speaking from resentment from
spite for something I don't know why what it
will be for the criticisms that are made to
his partner I really have nothing
personal nor with this girl of course I do
n't know her at all not even with her
partner you see and you are very annoying to his
partner apart because I don't like many
of the things he does publicly
because he tempted me throw away the [ __ ] channel
Javi in ​​a video and I hope that
I believe that
the 75 is fifth in a god 10 ads
in front 5 behind I delight in whatever you
want and take out money take out the
money and buy a friend highlighted
Peter thank you very much
if the video lasts the extract lasts 2
hours am Peter 2 hours we are talking
quietly about
[Music]
every five minutes
we are talking 30-40  I
understand what you're saying, we also
have to give him the benefit of the
doubt. Greetings, meter, you're great at
talking about this topic. Most of the
salt channels try to take
everything out of context and start a controversy. The
problem lies in what in the end you
as an audience are
benefiting from and I would say maybe he didn't
know anything and it was the agency and putting it
in
view in a controversy,
the agency
asked for it, he
asked for it and I spoke with ibai because
the options were the dance
because it was to say that it came out in click on this
video,
he told me not to
say my [ __ ] mother is going to take away my
dominoes, terms that he gives me these types of
messages
as a soft percentage, I'm not saying it on the
ground because when you are a
network agency, people reach 10, 15
or 20 percent of what you earn on
YouTube, well, all of 2,000,030,000
euros, I don't know what he earns for a
living on YouTube, because you saw that this is
taken out of context, but so that you
understand, so that you understand that it is
supposed to have been the agency without having
anything to do with it
Eduardo is
all a bit respectful, base you mention it
but the
same
for the videos,
I am not in charge nor am I being disrespectful, I do
not have to delete a video if there is
incorrect information,
see Peter, see I will explain to you anp and finish
time
and
if you get here you see what happens Peter
can contact me if there is any
incorrect information in the video and it needs to be
clarified or can he calmly
while I am in a live Javi
that I am going to upload to clarify the
audience that I do not throw myself at
this microphone you have it here but it was
heard here okay r upload it clarify that is
why in the gringo channels of salt
or
normally when there is a movement the
protagonists of the movement go to those
channels to clarify things it
is said at the beginning
not to put it forgotten already man that I do not
like
Peter with me I do not know if they know me if more
viewed a lot out there or whatever but
with me as with the one who puts me an extra
is the most that can happen to me is that
I make a video and I feel that more
tries to censor that I ask
everyone to  summarize the video to all the
platforms there are and there will be that I'm going to
recover the video by my balls
major the recoveries are always worth it because you're
not going to give me a strike if the
use of legitimate and then to another video
when I recover it that's what
can happen throwing strikes
solution if you want to clarify something you can
come whenever you want to peter you can
come whenever you want always here
you never see a video criticism peter well it
surely
depends
even on disrespectful when I believe
that today precisely what
people reward and value the most is when the
salt channels or we do our
job without disrespect and without
offending and it is precisely in your
director it
would be much worse if this guy got involved
insulting and changing everything out of context
he changes the context some things
with david starting to say anything goes has
appeared unnecessary
necessary it was totally relevant it was
totally put you are telling yourself
that the audience that swallows the
[ __ ] salsa because they like to see the pse
or look at yours he likes to smoke he
paints a lot because the audience leaves
half in david's audience because
you want it or not and I already said it  I repeat there is no
problem with that it is the most
logical thing
for him it has helped him
then he has the university
start
also I would do the same with my women
and women on youtube or with my son my
father or with my mother understand it is to
belittle and speak effectively about
the work of others you are
criticizing that it is done but you
are doing it in a
derogatory way the
context has changed
the tortilla has turned because you are saying yes
you are doing it she is saying
that
our work is about the
misfortunes of others and how bad to see that
it is not typical
son of a [ __ ] son of a [ __ ] who is
doing that but it is not like that
100% she is saying
no
and the
families are reading the commentary house
and of course
sometimes the ipad oven
[Music]
in the video I do
n't know what to say the truth is it has
seemed very wild this guy has
done me with a little respect in some
cases obviously yes but I think
telling them
in a live is that I do not like the
salt channels I know or he does not like the
criticism channels and he does not like or he does not
understand why people consume it I
true well I don't understand how the
situation is I don't understand I understand
why but I don't like to understand the mental
I understand that habits on youtube are of interest
and you go here to the beginning and the team comes out it
is a video and when a fracture
of what came home and I understand that
although here yes to the weak vice mario is
what you follow here a video of sloppiness
of controversy that I open play was lost with
beijing very sense that you can get
in because it is what most catches your
attention, I mean the misfortunes
generally catches attention I
will understand but equally it is
something that I do not consume and I do not like to
consume and it is crap
I respect it and I understand that I do it
just as well
another thing is an interest if not that is
interesting another thing is like in this
like youtube and how you create the content
that is another thing how you decide to
put the line of limit or not how you
like to distort things or get into
insulting people no that is another
thing that apparently seems a little
respectful to me at least but I do not know
listen it has it
makes me very lazy and to finish  I'll
tell you that everyone does what they want
as long as they respect each other,
that everyone does what they want in
puffs we have two on the internet we all have
different opinions and as long as
each opinion is treated with respect and without
telling a single lie
and that you come and that does well
I there is the truth that I do not get involved but it is
important and I like it is that someone
tells a lie on the internet that someone has to
see things she someone well
creates a controversy out of nothing well
the truth are three things that I do not
like very much but for the rest and each
one makes content that he believed he wanted
convenient I do not want it is this Peruvian
but there can be a girl who is from
Peru and is like that or there can not be
brother there look Iza be
how charming but with Peru from Peru
this boy older than me this
girl is older than me how
old are you it is impossible it is impossible
27-28 I am 27 years old
between two brothers I work at the
door
[Laughs] it
seems to be 15 no but it seems that he is
nothing of Peter nothing else fell well more than
well  the truth is I understand that they justify
many things that
their colleague shouldn't justify either, he's not going to
get involved having been well, let's say
justify a little but because it has also
given
[Music]
dp2
that nothing when he wants to come through here
comes by, okay let's see no, I don't have one
against that half against greg yes let's
see, it bothered me about the strike but as I
tell you, he took out 28 videos, put an extra of
someone but nothing personal like audio like I'm waiting for them to say something, what a neck or anything further from reality in the middle he's commenting on that and that gives me meat to take out a video and to respond to him, understand, he put it on a
plate for me, man, he literally put it on a
plate for me but well, good luck with that arm,
recover and do very well, man, and
apart from sad on the left, you
kill me, well, she acting like a bird, well a
kiss, god, kiss, thank you very much for the
family relationship, I'm really leaving
five and a half hours of live, I was
completely crazy with the subject
of the debate and I have yet to see, you
know what, she had mounted a few
[ __ ] about and tomorrow  I see it, okay,
made up, the thing about the Face Reveille rebel, this
guy is not and he'll be talking, saying
and
surreal things. Tomorrow we'll
probably see each other in the afternoon. Do a little bit
of salsa for your honor and then at
night for the kids, man, and fix
that family.
[Music]